Keep worker --private-data-dir when --delete not given (#887)
ansible/ansible-runner: docs/remote_jobs.rst

When running `ansible-runner worker`, if no `--private-data-dir` is given,
it will extract the contents to a temporary directory which is deleted at the end of execution.
If the `--private-data-dir` option is given, then the directory will persist after the run finishes,

> unless you give the `--delete` flag, in which case the directory will be deleted both before and after the run.

Reviewer: RST uses double backticks for inline code formatting. I clarified the wording a bit, if I'm understanding the behavior correctly.
```suggestion
If the ``--private-data-dir`` option is given, then the directory will persist after the run finishes
unless the ``--delete`` flag is also set. In that case, the private data directory will be deleted before execution if it exists and also removed after execution.
```

Author: looks great, the only thing I might add is putting () around (if it exists) to help readability
